Add --prefix-lines-with option (#11)
antmicro/tuttest: README.md

    if you do not name a snippet, it will receive the `unnamedX` name, where
    `X` is the snippet number in the file (starting from 0). Examples of named
    snippets can be found below.

>   * `<prefix>` is a command, that snippet should be prefixed with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `<prefix>` is a command that is added to the snippet as a prefix.
```

Author: fixed
